# Branden Holloway

## Contact Information
   - Email: bdholloway21@gmail.com
   - Phone: (541)-212-4953
   - [Github](https://github.com/bdholloway)
   - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/branden-holloway-28a979119/)


## About
   I am a senior at Oregon State University, finishing up my bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Out of high school
   I joined the United States Navy where I was stationed on the USS Pearl Harbor in San Diego, CA. This is where my love 
   for computers came to light, working side by side with Information Technicians (IT's). This part of my life is where I would
   learn some of my most important lessons in becoming part of a team and working toward a common goal.

## Project List
   [Project 1: MPulse Mobile Geo-Fencing](https://github.com/bdholloway/CS461/tree/master/Test/testflutter)
   
   Partnering with MPulse Mobile Software, my senior capstone project team and I researched and implemented a standalone application that utilizes the Google Flutter SDK and Google Firebase storage to build out an application that mimics the current MPulse mobile application. This application is geared toward the maintenance community and is used by maintenance workers to keep track of their assigned work orders. Our application takes the pre-existing application and adds geo-fencing functionality to make users aware of nearby work orders that have not yet been assigned but that can be accomplished by the current user if applicable. This is done through a notification system that we built that will notify the worker at the opportune time. The users can then add these unassigned work orders to their schedule and complete them while on the job site. This can lead to countless man hours saved, which in turn translates to money saved. This can also be used to aid in smarter scheduling of work orders in the future through potential data processing. 

   [Project 2: Two-Factor Authentication  Application](https://github.com/bdholloway/CS370) 
   
   This application works with GA (Google Authenticator) by generating a QR code which is readable
   by the Android GA application. The URI, GA is expecting, will be encoded into the QR code. The URI
   contains secret keys along with the user id required for the TOTP algorithm. You can then generate
   an OTP generated by the GA application for a 30 second period and print it to the screen.  


   [Project 3: Gym Website](https://github.com/bdholloway/CS340Project)
   
   A website that is a fully functional application for a gym with an appealing front-end as well as a functional 
   back-end. It has a fully functional backend that holds login credentials, employee records, and member schedules. 
   A member can login to the website, sign up for training sessions with a particular trainer, and check their 
   current schedule. Trainers can also login, open training blocks for members to sign up for, add/delete 
   training blocks and see their current schedule of training sessions and members that are signed up. The application
   also allows for new member/trainer profile creations. 


   [Project 4: Wastegram Mobile Application](https://github.com/bdholloway/CS492)
   
   Wastegram is an Android mobile application that was constructed using the Flutter SDK by Google. Its main purpose
   is to record food waste by allowing the user to take a photo, add quantity, mark GPS coordinates, and mark the date
   of the transaction. It is then stored in the Google Cloud Firestore which is utilized as the database. These posts
   are then displayed in a list view on the homepage of the application, organized by date added. These list view items
   are clickable and when selected take the user to the post where its individual information is shown. 
